Cloud Native computing is designed for virtualization and distribution first. Instead of relying on hardware provisioning that is sized relative to the expected workload, the deployment of the software is expected to be virtualized. This offers several advantages including both the ability to resize the workload to a larger machine (vertical scaling) or deploy the software across multiple machines (horizontal scaling). 

The cloud providers also enable various add-on services that ease the burden of deploying software. This, in my opinion, is at the heart of "true" cloud native computing. Instead of designing deployed software within the confines of each individual piece, the cloud providers very often (at a cost, of course!) provide additional services such as baked-in deployments, monitoring and alerting, security auditing, IAM, and networking that otherwise would be very complex to manage for the average software team (these are all things that have traditionally fallen under the true IT umbrella). Another benefit of Cloud Native computing is that scaling can be handled using services like Google Kubernetes Engine/AWS Elastic Kubernetes Service with the rules designed by the DevOps team via Infrastructure as Code. 

While these services have come at a cost for a long time, the Cloud Providers have made great strides in aiding in cost management and cost optimization. With a thoughtful approach, major clouds can near-compete with bare metal providers and especially at scale. 

I have been an operator of an API gateway over the last 4 years that processed up to 50,000 requests per second and led the migration from AWS -> GCP. When we were at peak, we needed the extra provisions that the cloud offered us. As our scale dwindled and we needed much less, I even led the migration from GCP -> bare metal(came down off the cloud!). That being said, we engineered our services very discretely for off-the-shelf solutions from GCP, then took our learnings and modified our stack enough over time that we had the knowledge to return to bare metal for even more cost savings.

Source: https://www.cncf.io/online-programs/what-is-cloud-native-and-why-does-it-exist/
